hi guys and welcome back to another
minecraft video and once again we are in
mushroom town and in this video I'm
gonna show you one of the new buildings
that I have built in mushroom town and
also ask you a couple of questions and
stuff like that that kind of relates to
mushroom town so why don't we get
started with the new building nothing
has really changed with the exception of
this little new structure which is also
some other points over this video but
I'm gonna get to that later first of all
this is the the mushroom town spleef
arena it's basically inside of here so
you just go inside here and they're
supposed to be like awesome paintings
here but some bug of some sort have just
made them black which is weird so yeah
here it says through the mushroom arena
so let's go and I built it in the nether
just because just because I can so here
we are in the nether lets me turn on the
sound a little bit there you go so here
we're here we here we are in the nether
but here is one of the problems the
buildings you are watching right now you
might think that they are not too much
mushroom related and that is because of
a new thing that I've just discovered
which is this you cannot make giant
mushrooms in the nether which is stupid
and but I built the building kind of up
there in the main mushroom cities so I
just I didn't really feel like just
removing it just after I built it so I
just decided to continue continue with
what I had so a her specifically the
thing I added some mushroom just to make
it somewhat mushroom me but you know
that's basically it so while yeah for
those who hasn't noticed it some
it's a spleef arena and the dough so
does no sleeve is basically let me
explain you right here and this is kind
of like where the where you can sit and
watch the two guys fights but spleef is
basically that you know let's say I'm
the blue guy and normally you would like
get a minecart air and then you could
ride out here but since I'm a lacy dude
I have not put a minecart in the
dispenser so that's that so you
basically get yourself a shovel and then
you go out here to the arena and you
start digging away the snow and your
goal is to make the opponent from the
red team to fall down in the lava and
burn to a horrible death and you know
but there's one rule you cannot like
damage the other play by beating him the
only way you can defeat him is by
digging the ground away under his feet
so that's pretty much the new thing that
I added to mushroom town and I thought
this was kind of cool to use these steel
things through chain chains or whatever
it's like it hangs from the roof I
thought that was pretty neat so yeah and
yeah but that that's not the only thing
I want to talk about in this video
because right now I just I like I only
built this little thing here and I kind
of like the mushroom mushroom city idea
and um and I am pretty sure that you
guys like it too because my mushroom
city video the original one have now
gotten over 4,000 views so and that's
just absolutely amazing so quickly I
just want to say thank you so much to
everyone watching that video I
appreciate it a lot and the second
mushrooming video got I think it's
heaven I think it's nearly reached
thousand views now so that's all so
amazing and if you like add those two
videos together those ovals views
actually
make out about actually over fifty
percent of all the views that my in
channel all the videos of my channel has
gotten together so that's pretty amazing
so yeah but yeah what I want you guys to
do in this video is leave a comment
suggesting more stuff that I could build
in the mushroom town because I'm kind of
running out of ideas right now but I
don't want to stop building because I
love this little project here and I
think it's pretty much maybe the only
unique thing that I'm doing on my
channel so yeah one guy but you know he
suggested that I should make a giant
wrong mushroom in the farm I'm not
really sure if I'm gonna do that or not
but we'll see another guy suggested to
make a town hall which I'm out might as
well do but it's kind of hard because
you know I'm pretty much limited to
building houses of this shape you know
in this shape there's really no
possibility for me to make in different
shapes because if I am gonna make
different shapes I have to make houses
that are much more like this one and you
know this one is I mean the old ones are
mushroom but it's not the red mushroom
and it's the red mushroom that's the
cool mushroom you know so yeah I thought
of making you like it underground
mushroom base down there because this
water is real deep I don't know if you
can see it in the video so I'm just
gonna head go up again there's no real
purpose but it's a really deep ocean or
whatever so I planned maybe making a you
know underground mushroom house or
something like that but I tried it and
it was almost impossible because you
can't really grow mushrooms underwater
so I mean I had to do some try some
crazy stuff like building a giant dome
under water and that dome have to be so
stupidly big that it's just it's just
far too impractical to do so yeah that's
pretty much everything that I
for you guys in this video and I have a
couple of new Minecraft videos that's
coming up now very soon so be sure to
check out those when they come out and
as always you know remember to leave a
comments about what you want me to make
in this city and yeah thank you so much
for watching and until next time bye